Mr. Ye, are you mistaken?
Do you have that much money?
And you know the strength of the He family
Can you beat him?
Watch me start
Don't say a He family
Just ten He families can't stop it
I said pinnacle gear
Do you believe it?
Since Mr. Ye is so confident
Don't worry.
I thought someone was acting tough here
It's you, the trash
This kid
Beijing
What are you still doing with this wild wolf?
Why don't you follow this earlier?
Original treatment
What should we do beforehand?
I advise you to give up early
President Zhang
I suggest you pass on some work to outsiders as soon as possible
Do you think someone can
Give yourself a higher level of housework than before
This is your last record.
Monk is following the rules
Then I'll give you a few days.
We still have to attend the meeting
President Zhang, do you think this wild wolf
A higher price than a stock
Live forever
I advise you to return the clearance to me quickly
I can still accept you
Duoduo can lend it to you